profile/README.md, before:

![Meeds banner](https://github.com/Meeds-io/.github/raw/main/profile/meeds-697x270.png)

The Meeds Association provides its members with an open source employee recognition software implementation.
The software is designed to be used as a core basis for a new software implementation or embedded into your existing software through APIs. With Meeds innovative gamification and token rewards engine, your employees and managers can recognize each other for their contributions, redeem customized and dynamic rewards in the perk store, and increase motivation, productivity, and retention.
- [Gamification](https://github.com/Meeds-io/gamification): Capture user activity and attribute points accordingly.
- [Kudos](https://github.com/Meeds-io/kudos): Encourage peer-to-peer recognition.
- [Token](https://github.com/Meeds-io/ert-contract): Convert attributed points into tokens that can be exchanged or spent in the workplace.
- [Wallet](https://github.com/Meeds-io/wallet): Ensure a secure and transparent exchange of tokens with wallets.
- Integrations: Easily integrate Meeds into other stacks through APIs and multiple integration points.

## 
[How to run](https://github.com/Meeds-io/meeds-docker#readme)
Licence: [LGPL-3.0](https://github.com/exoplatform/.github/blob/main/LICENSE)

##
You can reach us here on [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/Meeds-io/meeds/discussions), on [Discord](https://discord.gg/7d9Byf4Fz6) or [Telegram](https://t.me/meedsdao)

## 
Meeds is developed using a user centric and collaborative approach in order to provide a holistic and smooth experience. It is based on modern architecture and a software stack based on [Vuejs](https://github.com/vuejs)/[Vuetify](https://github.com/vuetifyjs) and [Java](https://github.com/openjdk/). The code is available on GitHub and instances can be launched via Docker.


<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**

🙋‍♀️ A short introduction - what is your organization all about?
🌈 Contribution guidelines - how can the community get involved?
👩‍💻 Useful resources - where can the community find your docs? Is there anything else the community should know?
🍿 Fun facts - what does your team eat for breakfast?
🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
-->

Commit message:

added link to the whitepaper repo

profile/README.md, after:

![Meeds banner](https://github.com/Meeds-io/.github/raw/main/profile/meeds-697x270.png)

The Meeds Association provides its members with an open source employee recognition software implementation.
The software is designed to be used as a core basis for a new software implementation or embedded into your existing software through APIs. With Meeds innovative gamification and token rewards engine, your employees and managers can recognize each other for their contributions, redeem customized and dynamic rewards in the perk store, and increase motivation, productivity, and retention.
- [Gamification](https://github.com/Meeds-io/gamification): Capture user activity and attribute points accordingly.
- [Kudos](https://github.com/Meeds-io/kudos): Encourage peer-to-peer recognition.
- [Token](https://github.com/Meeds-io/ert-contract): Convert attributed points into tokens that can be exchanged or spent in the workplace.
- [Wallet](https://github.com/Meeds-io/wallet): Ensure a secure and transparent exchange of tokens with wallets.
- Integrations: Easily integrate Meeds into other stacks through APIs and multiple integration points.

Learn more about Meeds DAO in the [whitepaper](https://github.com/Meeds-io/whitepaper).

## 
[How to run](https://github.com/Meeds-io/meeds-docker#readme)
Licence: [LGPL-3.0](https://github.com/exoplatform/.github/blob/main/LICENSE)

##
You can reach us here on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/Meeds-io/meeds/discussions), on [Discord](https://discord.gg/7d9Byf4Fz6), on [Telegram](https://t.me/meedsdao) or follow us on [Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/iomeeds)

## 
Meeds is developed using a user centric and collaborative approach in order to provide a holistic and smooth experience. It is based on modern architecture and a software stack based on [Vuejs](https://github.com/vuejs)/[Vuetify](https://github.com/vuetifyjs) and [Java](https://github.com/openjdk/). The code is available on GitHub and instances can be launched via Docker.




<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**

🙋‍♀️ A short introduction - what is your organization all about?
🌈 Contribution guidelines - how can the community get involved?
👩‍💻 Useful resources - where can the community find your docs? Is there anything else the community should know?
🍿 Fun facts - what does your team eat for breakfast?
🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
-->
